[PANTING AND MOANING]
[SHUSHING]
[MOANS]
Shh. [GROANS] Shh. shh...
What? You afraid somebody's gonna hear?
I'm not afraid of anything.
[MOANING AND PANTING]
Ah. yeah.
[CAMERA CLICKS]
Just. uh. seafood... seafood
inspection. Everything's fresh.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So...
Any update on the
partnership announcement?
They don't tell me these things.
But don't worry about it.
I got your back. You're good.
I don't want to get screwed over.
Stefanie...
I got you. I take care
of my people. okay?
You're good.
Trust me.
Tell you what. You get
the Chilean sea bass.
I will get the lamb and we will share.
We can share each other's plates.
Hmm?
Do you remember me?
No. and if you don't mind.
you're interrupting a
private conversation here.
- Mr. Hayes.
- [MAN] That's right.
- Do you want me to get the waiter?
- No. no. it's okay.
- [SIGHS]
- I went by your office...
and your assistant said that
you were at a business lunch.
As you can see that I am.
Now. Mr. Hayes. please. if you
will. I've told you before.
you need to talk to the
prosecutors. not me.
Your client... killed my son.
And you. you helped
him get away with it.
Look at you.
Ladies and gentlemen.
this is Mr. Hotshot Lawyer. Mark Rankin!
This is the man that
helped some drunk asshole
get away with killing my son!
- Okay. time to go.
- Get your fuckin' hands off me!
Listen. if you want to blame somebody.
you blame the police that
screwed up the roadside stop.
You blame the techs who waited 20 hours
to do a blood test on my client.
Your case was built on a lie. A lie!
This man is a liar!
I was doing my job and I did it well.
Now go home. You're
embarrassing yourself.
Everything's fine.
Whew.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
- Sure you still want to be partner?
- [GUNSHOT]
[SCREAMING AND YELLING]
I promised Dylan.
My son.
I swore...
that I would get him the
justice that he deserved.
[SCREAMS]
[PANTING AND GROANING]
[SNIFFLES] And then...
[SOBBING]
We'd see each other again.
How the hell did this happen?
No one would just fall
into a goddamn fire.
- [GASPING]
- He's alive!
[KEIRA] No. wait.
Peter! Don't touch him!
Okay. we need to cool the
wounds and warm the body.
I need wet towels and
I need something warm
to wrap his body in. a
blanket or a duvet.
We're gonna get you out
of this. Okay. buddy?
You're gonna be okay.
Okay.
Noah.
Noah. if you can hear me. you
have to stay awake. okay?
- I'm gonna get you out of here. okay?
- [GURGLING]
[GROANING]
Be careful. Judith. not too much.
- Easy! Easy! Easy!
- [NOAH SCREAMS]
It doesn't make sense.
The killer. the guy who's
been hunting us down is dead.
Yeah. well. clearly.
Glen wasn't our guy.
Don't worry. We're going to get you
through this. buddy. Don't worry.
You're gonna get him through this? Look
at the guy. He'd be better off dead.
[DAWN] Oh. God. I think
I'm gonna be sick.
You're a fighter. Your friends are
right. You're gonna pull through.
Okay. We've got to get these ones. okay?
Ready?
Squeeze my hand. Squeeze my hand.
[GROANS AND SCREAMS]
[MUFFLED SCREAM]
Hey.
Excuse me.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Hey. we're gonna get through this. okay?
[SOBBING]
[PANTING AND WHEEZING]
[WHEEZING BREATHING]
- [WHEEZING]
- Should he sound like that?
- Noah's not a snorer.
- He's not snoring.
He's not sleeping. He's in pain.
Noah's airway is compromised.
He needs a breathing tube.
oxygen. intravenous pain meds.
He needs to be in a hospital. not a
shack in the middle of the woods.
You're the only thing
keeping him alive. Keira.
[MOTOR HUMMING OUTSIDE]
- Do you guys hear that?
- [KEIRA] Is that a plane?
Damn right it is.
[AIRPLANE DRONING]
- Hey!
- Hey! Hey!
- Help!
- Come on!
- Look down here!
Hey!
- Hey!
- Hey! No. no!
- Did they see us?
Fuck!
Wouldn't they have. like. dipped their
wing or circled back or something?
- They have to come back.
- What? Why?
Because how many airports
are there around here?
There can't be that many. right?
Right. but for all we know they're on
a one-way trip back to civilization.
Maybe. Maybe not.
We need to be ready.
[GRUNTS]
Hey. What do you think?
The plane should be able to see it soon
as they clear the trees. any direction.
Looks big enough. [PANTING]
And I had one more idea.
I wanna build three bonfires. you know.
like. old-fashioned smoke signals...
to attract the planes
to come over this way.
You might have to go a little further
to get to the big green pieces
so that it'll make smoke.
- Are you gonna be okay out here?
- I'll be fine.
Don't go too far.
[PETER SIGHS]
[GRUNTING AND WHEEZING]
It's Monday.
They were supposed to go back today.
When they don't. people will wonder.
and they'll come looking for them.
[WHEEZING AND MOANING]
And we can return to our lives.
Some of us can.
These people who died won't be returning
to their lives any time soon.
and the rest of us. well...
We won't be the same again.
He's dying.
So?
- He's a human being. Wren.
- No.
Judith. he's a piece of shit.
Him and his friends.
they killed that girl.
Look. even if they did. what
happened to them. to us. it's wrong.
Yeah. you're damn right.
We're paying a price for what they did.
and so maybe a slow. painful death
is exactly what this
piece of shit deserves.
Jesus. Wren.
Listen to what you're
saying. Listen to yourself.
This poor boy doesn't deserve
what happened to him.
No one does.
Karma disagrees with you.
[WHEEZING. LABORED BREATHING]
I miss the sound of
traffic. and streetcars.
and raccoons hunting through my garbage.
It's like it's too quiet here.
[RUSTLING]
Dawn! Dawn. put that away!
Shh!
- Dawn.
- I have a gun!
- Dawn! Dawn!
- Do you hear me? I have a gun!
What? Fuck! [SCREAMS]
What? What? What?!
- Aaah! Fuck!
- Shit!
- Help me. help me. help me!
- It's okay. it's okay. it's okay!
Okay. okay!
[GRUNTING]
- [SCREAMS AND WHIMPERS]
- Come on. help me! Help me!
- Do it! Help me. help me!
- [GRUNTING]
I'm helping you! I am
fucking helping you!
I can't do it by myself!
- Then go get help! Go get help!
- Okay.
- I'll be back!
- Go!
[WHIMPERS AND SOBS]
Fuck it. Fuck it.
Please. please. please.
[BREATHLESS SCREAM]
Fuck! Fuck!
- [RUSTLING]
- [PANTING]
- [CLATTER]
- Aaah!
Jesus. Dawn! Dawn. it's me!
I'm so sorry!
What happened? Oh. Jesus.
- [SOBBING] I'm so sorry.
- God!
- I'm so sorry. I almost killed you.
- It's all right.
You're in horrible shock.
Don't worry. Don't worry.
- I heard a gunshot.
- Come here!
Grab the other side of this.
Pull on three. On three. pull.
- You get ready to pull your leg out.
- Okay. okay.
One. two. three!
[GRUNTING]
- [SOBBING]
- Shh. shh. Okay. It's okay. It's okay.
[GROANING AND WINCING]
[GASPS AND WINCES]
Fuck. Karen. Karen. is it broken?
Okay.
Is it broken...? [SCREAMS]
Fuck! You fucking did that on purpose!
It's the only way to tell
if it's broken or not!
Fuck! Fuck!
It's not!
Okay. this is gonna hurt even more.
but I need to clean the wound
so that it doesn't get infected.
You're enjoying this. aren't you?
You sadistic little cunt.
Fuck!
[SHARP INHALE AND GROAN]
Okay. The worst is over.
It's not broken. It doesn't look
like it hit anything vital.
This bandage should fix it up. okay?
In a week or so. you'll be fine. okay?
Yeah. if I'm alive in a week.
Well. if you die. it won't
be because of infection.
Okay.
Take two of these. They
have codeine in them.
One good thing Glen. or Benny. or
whatever the hell his name was.
brought to the community.
Fuck. A psycho killer is on the
loose and I'm injured and groggy.
Are you sure?
I might regret this. but yeah.
Okay.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
Let me get this cleaned up.
Okay.
Hey.
Would you stay... Would
you stay for a minute?
Yeah.
How are you?
[GROANS] Um...
I wanted to say...
You know. when you come from money.
people think that you have it all.
and that you don't need anything.
But what people don't get is that. when
you're seen as not needing anything.
you're basically ignored.
Like. no one comes looking for you.
But you did.
So I just wanted to say thank you.
I'll always come looking for you.
Would you stay with me?
Okay.
I don't want to die here.
I'll keep you safe.
I promise.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
When was the last time you slept?
I'm used to long shifts.
Go grab some sleep.
I need you at full strength.
[WHEEZING AND GROANING]
That girl...
Did you guys kill her?
Maybe it was an accident...
but maybe it was something
more than that.
You're asking me if I'm a killer?
Or Dawn?
And we're going around...
killing your friends. our friends?
Someone has been.
Peter...
did you kill her?
Peter.
Hey. hey. I'm right
here. I'm right here.
Blame me.
What?
When you get out...
just tell the police it was me.
- Talvinder...
- Stop. stop.
I assaulted her.
It's all on me.
Is that true?
[LABORED BREATHING]
[NO AUDIO]
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [YELLING AND SCREAMING]
You said you would keep me safe.
I'm sorry.
You promised.
[GASPS]
[PANTING]
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
[NOAH. WHEEZING BREATHS]
[LABORED BREATHING. GROANS]
[MUFFLED GROANING]
One of us here is a killer.
We all know it's true.
Keira. can you come join
us in here. please?
What is it?
Noah needs me right now.
Just sit for a minute. please.
What most of you already
know about me is that...
in a previous life. I was an attorney.
What you don't know.
what I didn't tell you.
is that I was paid very. very well...
to be a tough son of a bitch.
I loved the game of it.
I kind of got off on it because
I was really. really good.
And I'm not gonna sit around here
waiting. doing nothing until rescue.
I need to use my skills...
and question each and every one of you.
until I can suss out
exactly who the killer is.
I'm sorry. Are you playing
lawyer or judge here?
Yeah. this is. uh.
pretty fucked up. Mark.
Why should you be the one
to ask the questions. Mark?
And then how do we know
you're not the killer?
You don't. do you?
I'm sorry but that's not
how this community works.
We do not question each other
at the behest of one person.
Why are you so afraid of a
few little questions. Renee?
Is it because you. with those hands.
just tortured and brutally
slaughtered an innocent man?
I'm not putting myself above you.
but I have experience in these matters.
and my experience tells me that
the only way that we will survive
is by finding this killer
and stopping him. or her.
before they kill again.
And if I refuse?
You have the right to do that...
but I have to say it'll
just make you look guilty.
Oh. seriously? That's where we're
at? We don't follow the herd.
We're just guilty.
You're a fascist. Mark.
If we do this. you have
to participate too.
Oh. you're gonna...? You're
not gonna fight this. Peter?
He's right. You're just
as much of a suspect.
I say we put it to a vote.
No more votes. No more votes!
You don't get to decide for us. Mark.
[HEAVY BREATHS]
All right. This is how it's gonna be.
Dawn will represent our guests.
I'll represent the rest of us.
and when I'm finished questioning
all of you. Dawn can question me.
Fair?
- I can live with that.
- [MARK] Good. It's settled.
I'll go get Dawn. Keira.
let's start with you.
Great.
Where were you when Andi was killed?
- In my room.
- Alone?
Where were you? You were the
last one to see her alive.
Yeah. I was alone. I was reading.
I don't have any
witnesses. just my word.
which I thought meant something.
You used to be an ER nurse
before you came here.
Yes.
So you're familiar with knives
and you're not bothered by gore.
I didn't kill them.
Why did you leave nursing?
Keira?
What does that have
to do with anything?
I don't know yet. but if it was
nothing. you would have told me.
So something important. something
relevant... must have happened.
Keira. you need to answer him.
A patient died on my watch...
because of something I did.
On purpose?
No. not on purpose.
How did he die?
[SIGHS] I...
I was on the floor something like. uh...
[SIGHS] 13 hours. and...
a patient came in and. um...
God. I made a stupid.
stupid mistake. I...
I... I pushed a dose of potassium
instead of dripping it. and...
by the time I realized what I
had done. it was too late.
I...
She was dead.
I wasn't fired or anything. I just...
I...
I couldn't keep doing the
work. you know. I was...
[SIGHS]
I was really lost.
God. then I came here.
Well. I asked you in here first. Keira.
because you have the medical expertise
to pull off these killings.
But what you don't have
that I can see is...
is the motive.
[SOBS]
Can I go?
[SIGHS]
Send the next person in.
I don't know. Maybe if you
guys want to ask me a question
that's not insulting or. uh.
leading. maybe I'll answer you.
You want me to be open-hearted.
share my truth with you.
Okay. I will.
I never liked you.
I didn't from the first time I saw you.
Because I can see through all your shit.
all of your arrogant. entitled...
- Judith.
- Bullshit.
Please sit down.
I think we're all a little on edge.
Yeah.
The presence of these
outsiders really upset you.
Didn't it. Judith?
That doesn't mean I murdered them...
and our friends.
Mark. that's ludicrous.
[DAWN] Is it?
I don't really know anything about you.
Well. you just got here.
Right. and all I know is that you
act like some kind of den mother.
all Zen and calm and one with
the universe. but is that it?
Is that really all there is to you?
This is ridiculous. I won't do this.
No. it's a legitimate question. Judith.
Who were you before you came here?
You know who I am. Mark.
Why do you have clonazepam?
You gave a couple to Renee yesterday
and you can't get that
without a prescription.
I have trouble sleeping.
And I have trouble
believing that someone
prescribed that to you for insomnia.
Come on. Judith. It's
a potent medication.
You don't pop it like aspirin.
So what's the real story?
Dawn may not know you but I do.
And here's what I know about you.
At least what you've told us.
You lost the love of your life.
He left you.
And you... you fell apart.
You had a nervous breakdown. didn't
you? But is that all. Judith?
Is that all?
Did you try and kill yourself?
I know you cut yourself.
- You think it's a secret but we know.
- Shut up!
You are just one crisis away from
negating your entire existence.
- Mark.
- Did their arrival...
Did it finally push you over the edge?
Kill them. kill yourself. kill them all?
I am a much stronger woman now
than I was before I got here.
and you are trying to
use my past against me.
You're gaslighting me. Mark.
This is all your unconscious shit you're
putting on me and I won't take it!
I won't take your shit!
Renee.
These woods are like your
backyard. aren't they?
And the chainsaw. and the auger.
you're very familiar with those.
So are half the people in this house.
Why would I kill Antoine?
For the money.
What money?
Well. as your legal husband.
Antoine was entitled to half of
the profits from the land sale.
even if your marriage
was never consummated.
You don't know shit about us!
Okay. our marriage may not have been
conventional but we loved each other!
I would have died for him.
And you killed for him.
Let's not forget that.
"Dear J...
I lost my temper with you earlier today.
My only excuse is that I'm trying so
hard to remain strong and to be brave.
and I'm not allowing
myself to feel fear.
So I took it out on you.
Please forgive me.
Your Wren."
Is it my turn now?
Tell me about that girl.
The one that you worked with.
That was an accident.
And why did you come back
here? Please don't lie.
To... to find her body and remove it...
before they start building that resort.
And whose idea was that?
It was mine.
Talvinder was not this sweet
innocent little victim. okay?
She was cruel. and manipulative.
and she didn't care who she hurt.
- So she deserved to die?
- No. that's not what I'm saying.
Well. that's what I'm hearing.
You killed her and you hid
her body God knows where.
You're not hearing. It was an accident.
- Oh. yes. it was an accident.
- Yes.
That you've been covering
up for five years.
What is this? What are you
doing? Why are you doing this?
You say that Talvinder was
cruel and manipulative.
- She was.
- Was she so cruel and so manipulative
that she forced you to
throw her off a cliff.
or drown her in a lake. or
shoot her through the head
- with an arrow by accident?!
- Fuck you!
- Fuck off. Mark!
- How do I know?!
How do I know that it wasn't you
who killed your friends and
my friends to cover this up?
Who invited everyone up and sabotaged
your car. and brought a gun?!
How do I know?
Peter. it's your turn.
No. no. no. Fuck this. okay?
All you've done is get
everyone more upset.
- And you've gotten nowhere.
- [JUDITH] He's right. Mark.
You're destroying what little we have
left of this community. acting this way.
Someone in this room is killing us.
They're hunting us down one by one!
This is on you. You and Antoine.
Excuse me?
I came here to find
peace and I found it.
I did. but then you let them in and
everything. everything's unraveled.
People are being murdered.
Girls are buried in caves and this
community is turning on itself.
and that's on you.
Judith.
Yeah. we're done.
- Are you afraid of questions. Peter?
- Whatever. man.
[DAWN] Mark.
We're done when I say we're done.
- Why don't you put the gun down?
- [DAWN] Mark.
When I have decided who the killer is!
Mark.
- Give me the gun.
- When I decide!
Now you. get in that room and you
answer my fucking questions!
[GRUNTING. GURGLING]
Mark. he's choking to death. Please!
[NOAH WHEEZING. LABORED BREATHING]
Our friend is dying.
So either you shoot me...
or get that gun out of my face.
[KEIRA PANTING]
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
Stay. stay. stay. Come on.
[SOBBING]
[SOBS]
I'm sorry.
[SOBBING]
[DOOR OPENS]
Gun.
- Dawn.
- Gun.
Dawn. that wasn't me in there.
No? What was it. then. your evil twin?
That's fair enough. It was me.
It was. is me. a part of me...
that I've been trying to deny for years.
A part of me that I thought
was gone for good.
I thought I'd found
peace here. you know.
I thought I knew who I was.
I thought I could trust my own goodness.
That was all just a lie.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I used to be a guy who
handled things. you know.
I wasn't afraid of anything.
Nothing scared me.
Until one day...
when I got shot because of
something that I'd done...
along with a woman that I cared about.
You see. there's another lie.
I didn't care about her.
I was just using her. Fucking her.
We were at a restaurant.
And he shot her through
the back of the head.
And I had her blood and bits
of brain and her skull...
in my mouth.
She just died like that
right in front of me.
And all I could think was...
thank God that wasn't me.
I would do anything to save myself.
I would lie. I would cheat.
steal. kill. destroy.
I would let an innocent
girl die instead of me.
And I thought I buried
that guy out here.
And today he just came right
back out of the grave.
Hey.
That's why I need my gun back.
'Cause I don't know what
that guy is capable of.
Yeah. but we do know what you and your
friends are capable of. don't we?
No.
Until help comes. I keep the gun.
[DOOR OPENS]
[SIGHS]
I suppose you're
here for your apology.
You crossed so many lines.
We'll debrief some other time.
Right now. I need your help.
With what?
Bring the gun.
What the hell are we doing here?
- Renee. answer me!
- I need to check something!
That is not an answer.
- You tell me or I'm heading back.
- It could be nothing.
It probably is nothing.
What?
Someone. and I'm not saying who.
said something they shouldn't have said.
something they shouldn't have known.
About what?
The past.
When this place was a summer camp.
Look. after Glen. I... I just
needed to be sure. okay?
I just need you to stand guard.
[COUGHS]
[RUSTLING]
[SIGHS]
And we're a vegan community.
or we're trying to be.
I'll admit it. I occasionally
fall off the wagon.
Just can't quit a good burger.
And this is Judith. our den
mother. Judith. this is Mark.
Mark Rankin.
Oh.
I'm a hugger.
I hope that's okay.
- That's fine with me.
- Mmm. Welcome. Mark.
Thank you. Thank you all.
I feel really good being here.
There's something special about
this place. isn't there?
I've been searching for something.
[SIGHS] A sense of safety and...
I think I've found it.
And that touches me.
This home is for all of us.
It's okay. Mark.
It's okay to let down. Feel it.
We can hold it with you.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Thank you.
[MOTOR DRONING]
[MAN] Hey. Andi. Welcome
back to Camp Motega.
Um. stand in front of our photographer
here. We're gonna take a picture.
Mm-hmm.
Uh. let's do one where you smile
for the camera. yeah? Say cheese.
Yeah. sure. Cheese.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS]
Okay. we're taking another photo
'cause I look like Jabba the Hutt.
except with more chins.
Okay.
Just one more.
[MAN] Please stand a bit
to your right. Awesome.
I think it would look better
if you gave us a smile.
Can you give us a big smile. please?
Sure.
[CAMERA BEEPS. SHUTTER CLICKS]
[MAN] You know the drill. right?
I never take a picture I don't
like. so do what you gotta do.
[CAMERA BEEPS. SHUTTER CLICKS]
[MAN] Say cheese.
Say cheese.
How's it going? "Gouda." No?
You gotta "brie" kidding me.
[CHUCKLES] That was funny.
[MAN] Susan. photo time.
- Okay. say cheese.
- Fromage.
[CAMERA BEEPS. SHUTTER CLICKS]
Jesus.
[MAN] Everyone's gotta have a
picture taken. camp rules.
[WREN] Fuck your rules.
[MAN] You want to spend the summer
working the grounds or not?
[WREN] Yeah.
[MAN] Then please step in front of the
camera and let us take your picture.
Renee!
- [SNOWMOBILE REVVING]
- Hey! Hey!
Follow my voice! We need your help!
Hey!
Over here!
Oh. no. no. no.
It's okay. It's okay. We need your...
[ENGINE REVVING]
[DOOR OPENS]
[PANTING]
[ENGINE STARTS AND REVS]
[GRUNTS]
[SNOWMOBILE REVVING]
[GRUNTING]
[WHEEZING]
[ENGINE REVVING]
- [IMPACT THUD]
- [RENEE SCREAMS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
Sync and corrections by btsix
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm